mgr/dashboard: NFS Ganesha management REST API (#25918)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/dashboard.rst

  counters. Display and manage (add/edit/delete) object gateway users and their
  details (e.g. quotas) as well as the users' buckets and their details (e.g.
  owner, quotas).

> * **NFS-Ganesha**: Manage NFS-Ganesha exports that are stored as RADOS objects.

Reviewer: Small suggestion for improving this:
```suggestion
* **NFS**: Manage NFS exports of CephFS filesystems and RGW S3 buckets via NFS Ganesha.```

A log entry may look like this::

  2018-10-22 15:27:01.302514 mgr.x [INF] [DASHBOARD] from='https://[::ffff:127.0.0.1]:37022' path='/api/rgw/user/klaus' method='PUT' user='admin' params='{"max_buckets": "1000", "display_name": "Klaus Mustermann", "uid": "klaus", "suspended": "0", "email": "klaus.mustermann@ceph.com"}'

NFS-Ganesha Management
----------------------

> Ceph Dashboard can help with the management of NFS-Ganesha exports that use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceph Dashboard can manage `NFS Ganesha <http://nfs-ganesha.github.io/>`_ exports that use
```

CephFS or RadosGW as their backstore.

To enable this feature in Ceph Dashboard there are some assumptions that need
to be met regarding the way NFS-Ganesha services are configured.

> Ceph Dashboard reads NFS-Ganesha configuration from the Ceph cluster, therefore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard manages NFS-Ganesha config files stored in RADOS objects on the Ceph Cluster.
```

NFS-Ganesha must store part of their configuration in the Ceph cluster.

> The NFS-Ganesha configuration stored in the Ceph cluster must follow some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These configuration files must follow some conventions.
```

conventions.
Each export block must be stored in its own RADOS object named
``export-<id>``, where ``<id>`` must match the ``Export_ID`` attribute of the
export configuration. Then, for each NFS-Ganesha service daemon there should
exist a RADOS object named ``conf-<daemon_id>``, where ``<daemon_id>`` is an
arbitrary string that should uniquely identify the daemon instance (e.g., the
hostname where the daemon is running).
Each ``conf-<daemon_id>`` object contains the RADOS URLs to the exports that
the NFS-Ganesha daemon should serve. These URLs are of the form::

  %url rados://<pool_name>[/<namespace>]/export-<id>

Both the ``conf-<daemon_id>`` and ``export-<id>`` objects must be stored in the
same RADOS pool/namespace.

Configuring NFS-Ganesha in the dashboard
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To enable the management of NFS-Ganesha exports in Ceph Dashboard, we only

> need to tell the Dashboard, in which RADOS pool and namespace are stored the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
need to tell the Dashboard, in which RADOS pool and namespace the
```

> configuration objects. Then, Ceph Dashboard knows how search for the objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration objects are stored. Then, Ceph Dashboard can access the objects
```

> following the naming convention described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by following the naming convention described above.
```

The Dashboard command to configure the NFS-Ganesha configuration objects
location is::

  $ ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <pool_name>[/<namespace>]

After running the above command, Ceph Dashboard is able to find the NFS-Ganesha
configuration objects and we can start manage the exports through the Web UI.

Support for multiple NFS-Ganesha clusters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Ceph Dashboard also supports the management of NFS-Ganesha export belonging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ceph Dashboard also supports the management of NFS-Ganesha exports belonging
```

to different NFS-Ganesha clusters. An NFS-Ganesha cluster is a group of
NFS-Ganesha service daemons sharing the same exports. Different NFS-Ganesha
clusters are independent and don't share the exports configuration between each
other.

> Each NFS-Ganesha cluster should store their configuration objects in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each NFS-Ganesha cluster should store its configuration objects in a
```

different RADOS pool/namespace to isolate the configuration from each other.

> To specify the locations of teh configuration of each NFS-Ganesha cluster we

Reviewer 2: nit: s/teh/the/

Author: done, thanks!

can use the same command as above but with a different value pattern::

  $ ceph dashboard set-ganesha-clusters-rados-pool-namespace <cluster_id>:<pool_name>[/<namespace>](,<cluster_id>:<pool_name>[/<namespace>])*

The ``<cluster_id>`` is an arbitrary string that should uniquely identify the
NFS-Ganesha cluster.

> When configuring the Ceph Dashboard with multiple NFS-Ganesha clusters the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring the Ceph Dashboard with multiple NFS-Ganesha clusters, the
```
